DOCSP-33956: atomic typos fy2024-q4 (#148)
mongodb/docs-kafka-connector: source/source-connector/fundamentals/change-streams.txt

Aggregation
~~~~~~~~~~~

Use an aggregation pipeline to configure your source connector's change

> stream. The following list describes some ways that you can configure
> your connector's change stream:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stream. You can configure a connector change stream to use an
aggregation pipeline to perform tasks including the following examples:
```
